Export schema command (#899)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/guides/schema-export.md

---
title: Schema export
---

# Schema export

Sometimes IDE plugins and code generation tools require you to provide a GraphQL schema
definition.

Strawberry provides a command to export your schema definition.
The exported schema will be described in the GraphQL schema definition language (SDL).

You can export your schema using the following command:

>     strawberry export_schema app

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
strawberry export_schema app
```
````

Author: The "Builtin server" guide used indentation to create a red box around the server command. Thats why I choose indentation over a code snippet. Maybe both could be combined?

Reviewer: Oh right, I forgot that indentation is a code block in markdown. It's probably fine to leave as-is

where `app` is the path to a file containing a Strawberry schema.

> In order to store the exported schema in a file, pipes can be utilized:
> 
>     strawberry export_schema app > schema.graphql

Reviewer: ````suggestion
In order to store the exported schema in a file, pipes or redirection can be utilized:
```sh
strawberry export_schema app > schema.graphql
```
````
`>` is a redirection operator, not a pipe
Also, let's use code snippets, esp. as this gets rendered on the website

Author: Good point, fixed that.

---
title: Schema export
---

# Schema export

Sometimes IDE plugins and code generation tools require you to provide a GraphQL schema
definition.

Strawberry provides a command to export your schema definition.
The exported schema will be described in the GraphQL schema definition language (SDL).

> You can export your schema using the following command:
> 
>     strawberry export-schema app:schema
> 
> where `schema` is the name of a Strawberry schema symbol and `app` the name of the
> module containing the symbol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export your schema using the following command:

    strawberry export-schema package.module:schema

where `schema` is the name of a Strawberry schema symbol and `package.module` the qualified name of the module containing the symbol.
```

You can export your schema using the following command:

    strawberry export-schema package.module:schema

> where `schema` is the name of a Strawberry schema symbol and `package.module` the
> qualified name of the module containing the symbol. The symbol name defaults to
> `schema` if not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `schema` is the name of a Strawberry schema symbol and `package.module` is
the qualified name of the module containing the symbol. The symbol name defaults
to `schema` if not specified.
```
